The Joe Rogan experience. My friend, Jesse Reed, who was a very funny comic,
her mother was saying, you know, you should have daughters. She goes, you know,
you let the kids on the phones too much. He goes, mom, at 10 years,
they're going to be the phone. She was like, the phone's going to be inside.
Of them soon. So it's like, well, what am I fighting? Am I finding mine? I.
Limit my kids' time on the phones except the older one. Of course
he's tired. You're like, I just don't think that, um, it seems like a challenge.
I just don't think it's a challenge that we ever.
Faced. Are they allowed to watch in fours.
All day? That's all we have. Thank God, projected. Um,
what else is, um, the, the keys, uh, screen time screen time is a big key. Yeah.
Um, tell her about Epstein. Epstein. Didn't kill himself.
That's big before they start Googling.
For themselves. They gotta, now, now it up your sleep. When you're under,
I fall asleep to a podcast, you're going to laugh.
I used to fall asleep to Alex.
I would listen to Alex's clips on YouTube and I would fall asleep to just a lady
syndrome. And I would be able to put me asleep. I think.
His best video is to this day.
He's the one of the greatest painters of our time. You got to ball,
but you got to watch when I first met him. Yeah.
He wasn't shown some people see today. And the,
I was shown that he is today is changing because of his not being, uh,
not drinking he's in. Oh yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Cause he's clean for 90 days.
Interesting. Sounds different.
But what I'm thinking is when I first saw like nine, 11 road to tyranny,
it was one of the first videos that I ever watched. I was like, whoa,
like it's one of the first videos that ever opened my eyes up to certain
conspiracies.
And one of them was the conspiracies of using agent provocateurs to incite
violence and riots to incite that feeling of chaos.
And then they use that as an excuse for the police to come in and start
arresting people. Because now it's no longer a peaceful protest.
They do it all the time.
So he was making this argument about the world trade organization, WTO. Yeah.
And so he showed all this videos of these guys coming in with a government
issue, work boots on, they have like the same souls is like government issue,
work boots that were in a ski mask, breaking buildings, light and on fire,
smashing everything. And then the cops come in and clean everybody up.
And then they actually made it a no protest zone. And so you,
a guy went through or a woman, I forget which,
but had a pin with a WTO on that with a red line on it.
They told him you had to take that pin off the.
America. Yeah. Well let's just every,
every protest resistance movement has been infiltrated.
The FBI did a COINTELPRO. It did it with the black Panthers.
They've just done it with everybody. We.
Plays that video and you see that and it's like real clear.
And then you hear the w how it all played out that all the agent provocateurs
wound up going to a safe house.
And then the police released them negotiated with the police.
The police released them and you're like, wait.
A minute. What? Yeah, you just don't even have breasts made. Right.
It's probably somebody's job in the FBI to dye their hair pink,
like go into Portland and start throwing rocks at Ben Shapiro.
Back then they were just allowed to wear ski masks and. Right.
You just start smashing and you didn't even know who they were. Yeah.
You just assumed that that was, I mean,
it's such a crazy way to stop a protest and I never about it until I watched a
smart.
Way to, when you think, you know, it's, these guys know what they're.
Doing, but doing that kind of forever, you know,
that's like standard operational procedure, a hundred percent,
this is a weird time for conspiracies.
It's weird. They've gone mainstream, which is not good. It's very dangerous,
very dangerous jumps into a lot of them. He's into a lot of them.
And I think there's not a huge,
there's only a small group of people that want a rational discussion about them.
People really just want to be emotionally fed. Does this feel right to me?
And there's a very, like I had a guy call me today is very smart guy,
wrote the Franklin scandal, which is a book about the original Epstein thing.
Like the original sex trafficking thing. What's that? Well,
the Franklin scandal was a, it was a scandal out of Omaha, Nebraska,
the frankly credit union, where there was a guy who was embezzling money.
And then he was being investigated for that. But they said,
he's all he has all this money because he's running an interstate pedophile
network. And he's pandering kids to, you know, people in Washington,
DC and New York.
And there was a headline in the Washington post or the Washington times that
we're like call boys, get a tour of the Reagan white house. And you know,
this was a scandal with real victims. We want it to testify.
And then people started dying. You know, the private investigator,
they hired his plane broke up. Um, one of the girls that, uh,
testified was found guilty of perjury.
And then she was put in solitary confinement.
They had to use two grand juries in Omaha to get rid of this scandal.
And it's one.
Now it's not as sexy as like a pizza gate or something because it's happened in
the eighties and nineties. But this shows you the blueprint for the government,
you know, using marshaling resources to,
to silence people that were victims of this stuff. This is not new congressmen,
senators, blackmail being used by intelligence agencies. None of it's new.
It was pioneered by the mafia, you know, intelligence, Whitney web,
who lives in Chile. And I've had her on my show.
She writes a lot about this stuff. You know, this is, you know,
if you want people to talk, you need info. You need leverage.
There's nothing that there's no more leverage than you having sex with somebody
who's underage. Then they own you forever.
If they have photo audio video of you doing that.
So these things have been going on for a while.
And Franklin scandal was one of the first, but you know, the guy who wrote it,
this guy, Nick Bryan called me today. And he goes, I can't get any agents.
It's very hard because like, you know,
the reality is mainstream media is uninterested in, in,
in a lot of these stories unless they're current and they're sexy and
online fringe, people are only interested if they're insane. Well,
there's so many of them. Yeah.
Now though, too, you so many, it's hard to keep track. Like you,
you was just saying that you were just in Dallas, did you drive, did you do the.
Drive? But I went to the, where he was, uh, shot where he was shot.
So there was five Canadians there and they were like,
I was just started giving them an impromptu tour of Dallas because they were
like, is this where Kennedy got white? And I'm like, yeah,
this is how it happened.
How many people you think have stood there and went like to ask, right? Yeah.
I wanted to do it. Yeah, there it is. There it is.
I want it to do with a Popeye's chicken sandwich and just write, you know,
this is America.
It says, this is where princess Diana was killed.
Is that really where Kennedy was killed.
Though? It's exactly where he was shot.
That's exactly where and how cryptic is that.
Angry? You look, yeah. You're a crazy person.
I'm just trying to have a little fun. Yeah. That's a weird thing to.
Get around, but then you go to school book depository. Well,
and it is super close. Like it could have happened. Oh, 400 huggers.
Listen,
everybody who says there's no way he could have made those shots is out of their
mind. That's not that far.
The thing that makes me think it's a conspiracy. It's literally everything else.
It's every other component of the store.
Oswald being shot immediately. Yes. I mean, that's.
Oswaldo sure. Surely could have been in on.
It. Of course. Yes. He could've. He could've.
Definitely been in a, or he could have definitely been set up.
Basically those things are possible.
And Dallas has an interesting energy because of that. Yeah.
Like it's a great city, but it does feel like, it feels like a city of thing.
People that keep their mouth shut a lot of big corporate steakhouses pie,
hotels. A lot of people carving up, you know, deals,
you know, it just feels like something's going on. Yeah, there it is.
There it is. So that's where.
He is. And that's the building up there. See, that's not that far.
I think they said it's just like 150 yards or something like that.
It's not when.
You're actually there. It looks even closer than this. Yeah.
How many yards was it? Jamie,
find out how many yards Oswald had to shoot to hit Kennedy,
but it's totally doable. And people that say, that's not, you're crazy.
They're nuts. And people that say that you can't, uh, like load a gun that fast.
Maybe you can't. I bet you, someone can do it faster than you.
I've seen guys use bolt-action rifles fast as. Yeah.
Could they get off three shots in that amount of time? I don't know,
but I I'm not, I don't think it's magic.
I don't think it's like something impossible.
The other thing they said was like that the scope was off.
Like anybody said that doesn't know about scopes I'll have to do is handle it a
little bit, drop it, bang it against things. To me, it goes.
Off the idea that that guy was killed immediately.
And then obviously I've read it a couple of books on it,
but the idea that he gets killed immediately, that's where you go.
Something's wrong. Something's cool.
I, 183 meters is what I just found 183.
Meters. What does that in yard or what is it about 200.
Yards? Is it flipped? It says,
I don't know if this is what the actual measurement was,
but that's what I just found.
That's interesting.
I didn't know how much of a disparity it says it was never more than 90.
Yards from, from the location. So there's a lot, I mean,
oh, okay. So where he went.
When he got the final shot, was that far? It was 200 yards. No,
that doesn't make any sense.
He was never more than 90 yards from Oswald's location.
How does that work to separate? Okay.
I didn't know that 183 meters was 200 yards. That's.
Crazy. Yeah. A meter is pretty close to a yard. Yeah. It's pretty straight.
But that's why I thought it would be like 185 or something like that. Like,
there's actually a formula for doing that for converting, uh, meters, two yards.
You add one of the last numbers or.
I forget that. It's a.
It's an interesting thing because it really is.
You know, Christopher.
Hitchens said that the Kennedy assassination was the movement that like that
moment was the psychic movement of the sixties started.
Like that was the fracturing of reality for a lot of people in the same way that
maybe Epstein.
Was where it just kind of no president, it's gotta be way bigger.
It's huge. It was huge. It was this big thing.
That, you know,
was it a traumatic event that people dealt with in a bunch of different ways?
No. One's.
Sitting around going, do you remember where you were at the scene? Well,
you don't have the friends. I do.
It's a lot of people on Reddit saying that, but it's like nine 11.
Of course. Almost. Yeah. You know, similar. Yeah.
Like those are the events.
You knew somebody in nine 11. Yeah. It's probably bigger. Do you.
Think it's possible that down the road, not to the government, like data,
but that we find out that there was a substantial coverup, you know,
we didn't know about Saudi Arabia, their involvement for awhile.
There's for nine 11. Do you think it's possible that we just.
Don't know? No. The whole story let's totally.
Possible. I don't,
I don't have any idea what was being done or who was involved.
And I know that there was a bunch of hijackers and they flew planes in those
buildings, but who was behind that? Who the knows? How would we know?
Great question. What part of, you know, what part of Saudi Arabia,
where they all came from a cool where'd they get their orders from like,
how did they, how did they organize this? I mean, yeah.
I think they know a certain amount and I think a certain amount they'll probably
never know. Yeah. And we'll all go to our death, not knowing,
what do you think about that one that got shot down.
They shot that let's roll one.
They shot, they shot that down. Yeah. You know?
Yeah. They said that thing. The, the flight, the, the rubbish,
the wreckage was scattered for miles.
I mean, there's, there's no way they didn't shut that down,
but there's a lot of things about that day where you look back at it and you go.
This is just weird. Yeah.
It's weird that a building fell that wasn't hit by anything. It's just weird.
I'm not saying it can't happen, but that's odd. It's definitely odd.
That's the way, the way it looks is odd. It looks like a controlled demolition.
But yeah, if you watch the full version,
there's a guy who used to be like a full on nine 11 truther.
And then he started like, Dennis, see, I had attention.
I started just paying attention to the flaws in his way of thinking. And uh,
one of the things that he found out was that the version of tower seven that
most people see is a version. That's very quick. It just,
it implodes and it just falls down. But for minutes before that,
you can watch the center of the thing collapsed inside of it. Oh, interesting.
Have you ever seen.
That version? I've never seen that version pull up the, we see that version.
Yeah. It's very interesting. Full version of tower seven collapsing. Yeah.
Well.
Because the nine 11 people get so crazy. They were like,
there were no buildings. It's all holograms. There were no planes.
New York doesn't exist. I mean, it's great. It's not,
but I want to see the uncut building seven because maybe.
A plane hit the Pentagon it's I mean, well, okay. But just released.
I just want to see one video of it happening. Right? Just show me one video.
Do you think they have a video? Is there somewhere.
On the Pentagon?
Just show me one video would have been probably over plane hitting the Pentagon.
There's one, but it's very weird. The frames are very.
Weird. Yeah. It's weird. Just show me the video.
I want to believe he might hit the Pentagon.
The Rover on the moon is taking beautiful view.
This is what I'm saying. This is the problem. This is like a kiddo.
Imagine if you have a sh some that's like a thousand times worse than a,
like one of them doorbell cameras,
they got a thousand times worth viewing the pen. They.
Got there. They're putting it together from cell phone cameras. I get,
I understand that that technology was different.
Just show me a video of a plane hitting the Pentagon. I'm good. I'm with you.
What do you think? It could be a missile? I don't know,
but I just want to know why we just, no one video.
We got to see video. Isn't that.
Crazy? Why am I crazy for saying,
can I just see one video of the thing happening that you said happened? Well.
Did you know that maybe this is not true and Jamie's going to be checking this
one out. So, um,
the area in the Pentagon that got hit was refortified was the same
area where they were doing the accounting. Yeah.
Where they were trying to figure out where the trillion dollars is missing.
That runs field was talking about the camera. Just that I think the day before,
right. It's an interesting situation.
Did he say that there's like missing money? Like there's yeah. And.
Like rumps, wasn't willing to like out on the lawn, like these people,
what are they doing? They're just doing, you're not in a bunker.
You're out on the lawn. I don't know what happened, man. Listen.
It was something crazy. Like trillions of dollars, 2.3 to.
2.3 Trillion. I'm like, I mean, you know, and so the next day,
see if that's true.
That, that area of the Pentagon that held the accounting,
I don't think they tell you what, just see if you see,
if you can Google the area of the Pentagon that was hit contained the accounting
offices. [inaudible].
The dark couple have at January. Like I read that though. I know the,
I understand your suspicion. I'm trying.
To lie or you're trying to hold the seven, had a lot of financial records in.
That's what I heard, what I heard. I don't know.
All the satellite dishes that were pointed. Absolutely.
Well, the way I look at conspiracy, I don't want to believe in any of them.
Right. That's the whole thing. Like I want there to be a plane hit dependent.
I want, I want it all to be what it is. I, I, yes. We know.
That a bunch of elites were going to an island to have sex with. Yeah.
They could do whatever they don't want. You can also know like, Hey.
How much of this is true? Like, this is.
This is a wacky one. Yeah. This is one that if you told your mom,
like 10 years ago, she'd be like, Timmy, you're back on the drugs.
She would, she'd be like, what the.
Is wrong with you? No, one's going to an island to kids. Right.
But it's the same thing. It's like, now that that's.
On the table, you look at other events and you're like, well,
we don't know necessarily how all of these things happen though. We don't know.
We don't know. We don't know.
We just have to go. There's listeners, conservative, firefight,
like fire companies from Queens, from out by long island. That like.
Because they've gotten sick and stuff have demanded like a new investigation.
And these are not like crazy people. These are people that just go, listen,
we're all dying from first responders and things. We just.
You know, we want to know exactly what the hell we breathe in and what the hell.
Is it? Well, it's all the burning chemicals from the basement of the building.
Right? It wasn't that.
I guess that fires burned forever. I guess that's what it is that.
Those guys got so many of them got sick. So many of them got cancer.
It's horrible. It's horrific. It's really, it's really.
Donna Summers died from that Donna summer, the disco person. Well,
I don't really care about that.
Um, what I like her, she was amazing. She's.
Great. But how was she saving people at nine 11?
No. No. She had an apartment that was near the site of the buildings.
The summers running into the building to do.
I think you live down there, man.
If you have an apartment down there and you're still you're breathing that air
man. Interesting. She's got a lung cancer. I think I thought she was a smoker.
I don't think she was.
But she would just smoke cigarettes and you know,
do Coke and live a fun disco life. I think she found the Lord. I had no idea.
She was a first after.
She, uh, you know, she gave up on all that hot love.
She was gone through the wreckage. Yeah, no, she was not.
Going through the, we just live and just living in her apartment.
Okay. I think that's the idea. There,
there are people that are probably very sick. Oh yeah. Yeah.
And they were lied to the risks. Well,
I don't think anybody knew that nobody had ever had to endure an Inferno in the
basement of a gigantic building in a metropolitan city that lasted for weeks
crazy. Right after planes crash, all the dust is in the air,
all the pollutants and particulates. And everybody's breathing all that in.
I mean, you got to go back to work eventually. Right.
So when do you pursue work? A week later? Two weeks later. Guess what?
The air is still up. Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry to hear about Donna summer. Yeah.
I'm pretty sure that's correct. Yeah, but I'm a song.
A lot. Can we see if it, can you pull up a video.
Of Donna summer breathing in the fumes that grabs.
You, bro? Oh.
She's great. I started John's beach. Who was really good Jones beach live Chris.
She was, she was older. She had, you know, she was, it was her comeback.
It was like the 2000 and a summer blamed nine 11 for lung cancer.
So it was like 2000. She was coming back. She.
Released an out like a greatest hits album.
Do you and your ad blocker you son of a. Those ad blockers. Yeah.
I have.
My producer. Ben has him too. And he's always good. I know that Donna.
Summer 9 1 1 9 11 gave me cancer. Well that's song, is it? No,
that's not a fun song was convinced that inhaling toxic air after nine 11 gave
her the lung cancer that eventually killed her.
TMZ is learned source close to the singer,
tells TMZ who we're hearing this morning,
that Donna was in a New York in New York city during nine 11,
living at an apartment near ground zero,
Donna became almost paranoid about breathing the air,
which was heavy with a rancid odor.
Gotta move. You gotta move kind of.
In the months and years following nine 11 Donna's feelings intensified.
One source tells us that when he was around Donna,
she would constantly spray some sort of disinfect in the air. Danny Terrio,
the horse host of dance fever tells us when he was around Donna
post nine 11,
she would hang six sheets in her dressing room to prevent dust from coming in.
Oh my God. She sounds like she did die of it. And she also sounds.
Like she was being annoying in the end.
She sounds like she's being a little annoying with her sheets.
It's a little annoying, Donna.